Right?
I heard dogs barking before entering the door.
What a shame.
This is the treasure trove area.
Today, it all depends on you.
Based on it, does it know how to evaluate treasure?
Why is this dog following?
Meet people then bite you.
Okay, with guts, today we will compare shoulders.
Okay, so you and I are here in the treasure appraisal area.
Randomly select two treasures
High price wins
How?
If I lose...
Items in this treasure chest area you choose one.
Young master pays
I lost to another person.
The young master does not lack money.
If you lose
Be good and disappear from Mary's side.
In that case
I will add one more group.
Do you dare to bet?
What bet if A Xu loses?
I will marry you.
So if you lose...
What about our engagement?